oh my god
you
what an 1414 it's a non result really
isn't it haha I think yeah it's
frustrating I mean for everybody but as
long as typical Darby games and the
conditions and it was you know was a lot
probably cheer a bit from the sidelines
a lot of people obviously we'll look at
the results you beating Selkirk last
week cell cook almost beating bottom you
and yet bigger at the bottom of the
table and you couldn't manage to put
them away oh and that's when it comes to
know these these games you know when it
comes to bigger people's it's I think
year in year out the same thing and I
was it was you throw the phone book out
the window and it's about who's got on
the night and well they neither team
quite head up to trace of course 21 in
your favor and you know you certainly
looked in in parts of that game that you
are in control all right well the big
thing the big issue is we didn't control
the ball for long enough period of time
and you could see boy you know the
schools that they got was to through the
boot and it was basically because they
had discipline at the breakdown and
offside and that that's probably what
hit us at the end the day unfortunately
you know we lost bit of composure in
here in the second half and we don't
maintain ball for three four five phases
we could have hurt them but you know
that's something we can go back and look
at again now of course you went on that
bad run earlier on the season of ten two
defeats and then you've turned it around
so in fact the last four now you've won
three and you've drawn one so things
certainly looking up for the end of the
season oh definitely I mean I mean
there's some tough losses on the way and
there's something we could have won and
sugar one but it's good to come through
since Christmas and put some bit of
schools together and it's just belief in
the young boys and squadron you know
we're building now looking for next year
so it's encouraging to see that you know
we can't match it with anybody just
about you know like today at she's
standing up and done a job when it needs
to be done and you're back at the gates
next week Dundee a different kettle of
fish oh well that's a big game for us
they you know they put us away well and
truly last time when we were not being
on the road so we need to welcome them
down here no Bob still got a shot for
playoff time so we want to put a bit of
pressure on them and you know welcome
here and we've got a few things to fix
for that game
hi I'm Mario from people's fish bar and
we still do the best fashion Japs in
Scotland and our pixels and legendary
and don't forget your delicious ice
cream Selkirk me have the lead role and
sausage but we have got the hot hamara
pizza nada